The changes in brief:

In the Common Events file:
In rape scenes, removed option to cancel out of some dialog choices.
Fixed bug where second rape on a map doesn't work.
Fixed bug where humiliation from nudity no longer occured (ever, any map) after sex.
Fixed LAN party clothing bugs
LAN party, sort of implemented consensual sex.  It seems to work without an infinite loop anyway.
Dazed monsters can't hit player anymore.  Blocking will not block clothing damage 100%.
Can capture pirates while oneshotting them.

When performing RBUS procedure to repair reactor, fixed bug where repair didn't use up a cannibalized reactor.  Also set so that when player chooses a reactor to cannibalize, doesn't keep asking which ship to cannibalize.

When fixing reactor with RBUS, the lights come back on.

When looting cargo, added choice (with high intelligence) to transfer all cargo except garbage, most valuable first until hold is full or no cargo left to loot.

Ship status report shows Mining Bot health correctly.

If player "waits" or tries unsuccessfully to disengage from a pirate, set so that the pirate ship gets the first move in combat.

Demanding Surrender in space combat uses an action point, so player can't spam this until it randomly works!

Fixed bug where surrendered pirates were still in combat.

After space combat in some circumstances, if reactor was damaged, claxon kept sounding until one left orbit, and screen stayed red indefinitely.  Now they don't.


In the Space Port map (map 035):
Corrections Officer (to pay bounty on pirates) now shows up when summoned, and pays correct bounty.

Repair/Upgrade desk will now sell working mining bots, and fix damaged ones.  Reactor & shield repairs no longer make these systems better than perfect.


In the items file:
Medical Applicator should now work.


The changes in detail:
Common events:
049:Sex: Rape (Male)
		Removed cancel option from a few Show Choices branches.
		Set sexers=6 at end of event (fixes crash on second rape on map bug)
		Added 40:Sex In Progress = off to end of CE:Rape. (fixes no humiliation bug)
051:Sex: Consensual Sub
		Allowed to proceed, fixed infinite loop bug where gangbang without enough sexers
		by setting Var 0454 to 1 before skipping back to regular sex.
073: LAN party	When betting bra or panties, in a rematch with those items lost event wasn't
		checking for outerwear to remove, and then was confused when player still had
		coverage.  Put in routine to go "backwards" and check for shirts & pants.
		When winning clothing, current items were updated but did not call 060: Update
		Slots with Currently Worn.  Fixed this - in fact the call was there, after the
		randomizer to see what was added, but it was never reached because of the Exit
		Event Processing lines.  Deleted those and just used one Exit Event after the
		Update Slots with Currently Worn & Coverage Update lines.
106: Combat NPC - Full Health: Moved everything around, so block checking is done within "player
		is hit" loop.  Now dazed monsters can't hit even if player IS blocking (makes more
		sense), and block doesn't guarantee no clothing damage (instead reduces chance of
		clothing damage by block strength).  Made this change to 107, 108, & 109 also.
		Also moved the Stun enemy
		section before the oneshot, so one can capture pirates while oneshotting even
		without Kagarus' blaster mod.
203: Engineering	For RBUS, if player chose not to cannibalize any ship type, RBUS was
		performed for free.  Put RBUS in conditional so only run when ship type was
		chosen, also added label & jumps so when any type is chosen, jumps to procedure
		instead of asking about other types.  Added 0187:Darmap = OFF at end of RBUS.
213:Ship Loot	Added choice, when Int > 2, to transfer all cargo except garbage (in descending
		value order)
228: Status Report	Mining Bot damage corrected to use Mining Bot Health, not Damage (which
			just reflects damage taken on previous sweep)
277:Pirate Attack	Used 051:Temp Switch 1 to pass info to 279.  Set if player is attacking,
		reset if player is waiting.
279:Space Combat (Pirates)	To prevent player from spamming surrender demand until it works,
				after Label: Demand Surrender, put [0450:SCom Player AP] -= 1
		To eliminate problem where surrendered pirates are still in
		combat after surrendering, after it reports the Galaxy captured, right before
		Break Loop put Switches: [0137:SCom NME Dead] = ON.  No idea why this is
		necessary, the break loop should do it!  Since it didn't, removed break loop,
		instead Jumped to Label: Leave Battle.  Created this label right before
		conditional branch: 0137 on, "Sensors detect no remaining threats..."  NOTE:
                I'm not sure if this is still needed in latest patch!  Does this bug still exist?
		Now receive switch 051:Temp Switch 1 from CE277 - if set, player
		is attacking & moves first.  If false, pirates attacking (player waited), pirates
		move first.  Put this conditional jump (& setting switch!) within loop right after
		setting vars (0452), checking for reactor failure, and pirate taunting.
		At very end of CE, tinted screen back to neutral & turned off Background Sound.

Map035:Space Port:
		Corrections Officer now shows up when summoned by guard (added switch 107:Deliver
		Pirates = ON to guard even 59).
		C.O. used to increment gold by number of arrested pirates (var 359), now actually 			pays the bounty shown in text box (var 361)

		Event 181 (repair desk): When purchasing mining bot, added 231 mining bot health =
		100, 232 level = 100.  Added repair option for mining bot when rest of ship
		repaired. For reactor/shield repairs, was incrementing Reactor/Shield Output by
		Reactor/Shield Level.  Now correctly sets TO that level, so a repaired device is
		at full power, not full power plus some extra.


Items:
Item109: Medical Applicator, scope changed to "none", should now work.  (This is Kagarus' fix)